The mac book is our most popular Mac.
But what we've, what we've done, and we've
made a habit of doing this at apple is, we decided just to start over.
The new MacBook is a quite remarkable engineering achievement.
It really represents just a complete revolution in the way that notebooks are made.
Traditionally notebooks are made from multiple parts but the problem is when you have multiple parts you you add size and weight and and you increase the opportunity for failure.
The huge breakthrough that we heard with the MacBook was to replace all those parts with just one part, one part we called the unibody.
We figured out a way of being able to make, make the notebook fundamentally thinner lighter more robust and with with sort of a degree of of fit and finish.
We've never even dreamed of before and the only way to make that one part was to machine it from a single piece of aluminium.
I love the way that we don't reserve our very best ideas for our.
You know the very highest end products that our very best ideas all of our innovation we bring to the most popular Mac that we make.
When you start using it when you start putting your photographs on it when you start working on your personal projects it becomes so much more than just a collection of parts.
We've refined and refined every detail in the service of the user just to get rid of complexity.
if something doesn't need to be there it's not there.
When I don't know how we could make something any more essential any any simpler than then then you might go.
Our goals for the first iMac and the goals for this iMac they've they've not really changed at all you know.
They're, they're all about trying to create an all-in-one product based on amazing technology.
But making it very very simple this new iMac really is an evolution of a product that was so right in so many ways when we first released it.
The entire front of the new iMac is just dominated by this incredible new sixteen by nine display.
We've actually figured out a way of taking the glass right to the very perimeter.
It's just display and there's no display that's it I mean you are just completely consumed by by that image there's not a detail there that doesn't need to be there.
There are no visual interruptions distractions there's just no other noise.
Everything is about a display and therefore everything is about your content.
When you first see the mouse it could not be any simpler
But I love the way that it scales from being something that is that apparently simple to actually being really remarkably sophisticated.
I mean we've finally figured out how to take the multi-touch technology and implement it on a mouse.
It's still a point-and-click mouse but now the entire top surface of the mouse is is basically it's a multi-touch sensor.
This is the smartest Mouse we've ever made.
There's a chip inside that acts essentially as a brain.
As you put your fingers on the top shelf it can determine where they're located how many you have and through your gesture your movement it can determine what your intent is.
You can scroll anywhere on that top surface.
You can see why it it is incredibly intuitive.
I mean you can use it without thought you know it's just the way that you would have expected the mouse should have always worked.
We're constantly working to refine and improve to simplify to make something thinner and lighter and yet at the same time increasing its functionality.
The original iPad defined a category and I think that iPad 2 will really define that category for years to come.
iPhone 4 is so much more than just another new product I mean this will have a lasting impact on the way that we actually connect with each other.
And we've started with completely opposing goals and we wanted to make this iPhone more capable.
We wanted to add more feature and yet at the same time we wanted to make it smaller and even thinner and that led to some really surprising innovation.
And we developed an entirely new grade of stainless steel that after machining is incredibly strong but also remarkably precise.
The steel frame functions as the antenna but also the primary structure giving us more internal volume.
We also developed a custom glass that's comparable in strength to sapphire crystal but about thirty times harder than plastic
This glass is not only used on the front of the phone but also on the back.
The quality of the materials, the manufacturing precision, the advanced technology.
Ultimately all of this becomes relevant when you just hold it in your hand to create something that's, that's genuinely new.
You have to to start again and I think with great intent you disconnect from the past.
The new MacBook Pro is built for the very highest levels of performance it's incredibly powerful and yet remarkably portable.
It's without a doubt the very best computer that we've ever built.
The new MacBook Pro would seem to be a complete contradiction.
It's built for extreme levels of performance but at the same time it's remarkably portable.
To create air we rigorously questioned the ways in which we've designed and built our portable products in the past.
One of the most significant challenges was completely changing our approach to the design of the display.
By building the layers of the display into the unibody we actually eliminated the need for a separate cover glass.
Starting with the aluminium we machine all of the surfaces of the enclosure.
We then polish and texture them we then use crystalline diamonds to cut the chamfers.
It's so exact that you're left with a near mirror finish.
These techniques create a dramatic distinction between the products lightly textured back and it's a highly polished chamfered edge.
This manufacturing precision extends to how these many pieces seamlessly come together.
The inlay of the product is matched to the housing through a highly sophisticated process with the part on a conveyor.
Two high-powered cameras take pictures of the housing an instantaneous analysis is done and then the best match out of a possible 725 counts is determined.
The variances from products, products we now measure in microns we believe that going to such extreme lengths is the only way that we can deliver this level of quality to create the new iPhone.
We began with a design that we really loved but to build it to implement it we had to look way beyond what we knew to be possible.
It took all of our learning our best thinking to realize something so simple so clear and yet so truly extraordinary.
The human ear is unique.
Making one headphone to fit everybody's ears would be like trying to make one pair of shoes to fit everybody's feet.
I mean it's impossible.
But that's exactly what we've tried to do with the new ear pods.
Everything about their design is focused on delivering incredible sound and comfort as part of an exhaustive research and development effort.
We dimensionally scan hundreds of ears and looked for a commonality from that we were able to determine a common volume.
This was our starting point for developing a form to fit a broad range of ears.
The shape of the ear pod is actually defined by the geometry of your ear.
They rest comfortably in your ears.
Ear pods are designed to intentionally direct sound right into the ear.
To optimize the acoustics we've built in a series of ports each with its own unique purpose.
All of these efforts combined to make a product that is incredibly thin and light and has absolutely remarkable levels of fit and finish.
I think the result is an extraordinary iPad.
One that will be used in so many different places in so many different ways.
We've worked very hard to create a singular studio that has all of these different facets.
the hallmark of the group has been to be inquisitive and ask an awful lot of questions.
We have really made it a practice to just have our heads down and work and ignore in some senses all the reasons why something shouldn't be possible.
This book captures a point in time of incredible transitions and quite shocking change
You understand the nature of an object so much more when you understand how it came to be.
The book tells dozens and dozens of stories.
You see momentum you see learning of course.
